com/example/control/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/control/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/control/MainActivity.java
 com.example.control.MainActivity
 com.example.control.MainActivity$1
 com.example.control.MainActivity$2
 com.example.control.MainActivity$StartNET
com/example/control/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.control.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.control.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/control/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.control.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.control.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/control/ui/settings/SettingsModel.java
 com.example.control.ui.settings.SettingsModel
com/example/control/ui/home/BootViewModel.java
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootViewModel
com/example/control/ui/home/BootFragment.java
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$1
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$2
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$3
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$4
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$5
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$6
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$BootPC
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$ConnectionCheck
 com.example.control.ui.home.BootFragment$ControlCommand
com/example/control/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.control.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/control/databinding/FragmentBootBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.FragmentBootBinding
com/example/control/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.control.BuildConfig
com/example/control/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/control/ui/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.control.ui.settings.SettingsFragment
com/example/control/ui/settings/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.example.control.ui.settings.SettingsViewModel
com/example/control/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/control/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/control/BootWidget.java
 com.example.control.BootWidget
com/example/control/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/control/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/control/BootWidgetService.java
 com.example.control.BootWidgetService
 com.example.control.BootWidgetService$BootPC
 com.example.control.BootWidgetService$ConnectCheck
 com.example.control.BootWidgetService$ControlCommand
 com.example.control.BootWidgetService$StartNET
com/example/control/Gestures.java
 com.example.control.OnSwipeTouchListener
 com.example.control.OnSwipeTouchListener$1
 com.example.control.OnSwipeTouchListener$GestureListener
com/example/control/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.control.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/control/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.control.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/control/NET/Net.java
 com.example.control.NET.Net
com/example/control/databinding/BootWidgetBinding.java
 com.example.control.databinding.BootWidgetBinding
com/example/control/NET/Boot.java
 com.example.control.NET.Boot
 com.example.control.NET.Boot$BootPC
 com.example.control.NET.Boot$ConnectCheck
 com.example.control.NET.Boot$ControlCommand
com/example/control/MainViewModel.java
 com.example.control.MainViewModel
